>> Kent C. Dodds: So go ahead and
run npm-start exercise babel0.
Now you're going to see
a captains-log.js file.
Shout out to my friend Kyle Welch
who created an actual plugin called
captains-log that does basically
what we're gonna do here.
And I think he's watching, so [SOUND].
So we have the captains log plugin
file it's basically empty and
except it has the looks like
because that's pretty darn useful.
And we can that through our plugins and
stuff and actually the, yeah, anyway.
And then, yeah,
it has the structure for you so
you don't have to write all that out.
And then our tests are a little
bit different than before.
So ESLint has a rule tester and
it's really awesome,
a really great abstraction for the common
things you need to test with ESLint.
Babel doesn't quite have that.
I think that they have some
internal stuff that they use for
their own plugins, but yeah,
we don't quite have that.
What we're doing is we provide
our own source code and
using template literal so that we
don't have to do concatenation stuff.
And then we're stripping the indentation
so it's nice and indented.
But anyway, from there we trans
pile using Babel.transform.
We pass it along that source,
and some configuration stuff
which most of this is not totally
relevant to what we're doing.
The only piece that
really is is this plugin.
So it's using the plugin
that we are writing.
And then,
based off of that we get the code back.
And we call this toMatchSnapshot thing.
Does anybody know what this is?
To match snapshot,
this is gest snapshot testing.
It's amazing and you don't need to
understand and totally for our stuff.
But what you need to understand is
that is going to create a new file
next to our test in an underscore
underscore snapshots directory.
And it creates a .snap file that
is basically the serialized
version of what we passed it,
so the transpiled code.
And so this is what our stuff is
supposed to look like when we're done.
So this is what the plugin does.
We have some console logs inside of our
functions, and a console log outside.
And what we want to do for
this first iteration of our
plugin is we want to replace
this with the column and
the line except the actual column and
line number.
And so that's where we get two,
two or sorry that's line in column.
I think it's mixed up, I don't know
what it's normal in stack traces but
that's what we're doing sorry.
It's line in column,
I think it's line in column normally.
But yeah, the actual line in column.
And you can get that information
from RAST, oops, where did it go?
Yeah here,
if you console.log the path.node,
then you can see we have LOC object that
has a start which has a column and a line.
So that's where you're gonna be
getting it, is from the LOC.
Yeah, and it just makes it so,
when we like uglify this or whatever,
we see those logs later,
we can see where those were
in the original source code
which is kind of handy.
So it's kind of handy.
So it's kind of ironic that our last one
was to talk about getting rid of console
and now we're talking
about like adding it in.
But yeah, now we're making it more useful.
So now we don't need the no console
really anymore, I don't know.
So go ahead and have at it.
When you run the test
you'll do npm start and
you're going to enter just watch
mode here, and you'll see a failure.
And it's really nice, and
we'll show you exactly what
the differences are between what
you have and what you should have.
So you can base things off of that.
Also most of this stuff you can
develop in AST Explorer as well.